Clarify "Update from v3.3.x to v3.3.latest" (#1657)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/update_and_migration/from_3.3/update_from_3.3.md

=== "MySQL"

    ``` shell
    mysql -u<username> -p<password> <database_name> < vendor/ibexa/installer/upgrade/db/mysql/ibexa-3.3.8-to-3.3.9.sql
    ```

=== "PostgreSQL"

    ``` shell
    psql <database_name> < vendor/ibexa/installer/upgrade/db/postgresql/ibexa-3.3.8-to-3.3.9.sql
    ```

### v3.3.13

!!! note "Symfony 5.4"

    Prior to 3.3.13, Symfony 5.3 was used by default.

    If you are still using Symfony 5.3, you need to update your installation to Symfony 5.4.

>     To do this, update your composer.json to refer to `5.4.*` instead or `5.3.*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To do this, update your `composer.json` to refer to `5.4.*` instead or `5.3.*`.
```

    Refer to the relevant website skeleton for an example: [content](https://github.com/ibexa/content-skeleton/blob/v3.3.13/composer.json), [experience](https://github.com/ibexa/experience-skeleton/blob/v3.3.13/composer.json), [commerce](https://github.com/ibexa/commerce-skeleton/blob/v3.3.13/composer.json).

>     The following `sed` commands should update the right lines, use with caution and properly check the result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following `sed` commands should update the relevant lines.
    Use them with caution and properly check the result:
```

    ```shell
    sed -i -E 's/"symfony\/(.+)": "5.3.*"/"symfony\/\1": "5.4.*"/' composer.json;
    sed -i -E 's/"require": "5.3.*"/"require": "5.4.*"/' composer.json;
    ```

>     After this composer.json update, run `composer update "symfony/*"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After this `composer.json` update, run `composer update "symfony/*"`.
```

    ```

=== "PostgreSQL"

    ``` shell
    psql <database_name> < vendor/ibexa/installer/upgrade/db/postgresql/ibexa-3.3.8-to-3.3.9.sql
    ```

### v3.3.13

!!! note "Symfony 5.4"

    Prior to v3.3.13, Symfony 5.3 was used by default.

    If you are still using Symfony 5.3, you need to update your installation to Symfony 5.4.
    To do this, update your `composer.json` to refer to `5.4.*` instead or `5.3.*`.

    Refer to the relevant website skeleton for an example: [content](https://github.com/ibexa/content-skeleton/blob/v3.3.13/composer.json), [experience](https://github.com/ibexa/experience-skeleton/blob/v3.3.13/composer.json), [commerce](https://github.com/ibexa/commerce-skeleton/blob/v3.3.13/composer.json).

    The following `sed` commands should update the relevant lines.
    Use them with caution and properly check the result:

    ```shell
    sed -i -E 's/"symfony\/(.+)": "5.3.*"/"symfony\/\1": "5.4.*"/' composer.json;
    sed -i -E 's/"require": "5.3.*"/"require": "5.4.*"/' composer.json;
    ```

    After this `composer.json` update, run `composer update "symfony/*"`.

>     You may have to adapt some configuration to fit this new Symfony minor version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You may need to adapt configuration to fit the new minor version of Symfony.
```

>     For example, you might have to remove `timeout` related config from `nelmio_solarium` bundle config:
>     ```shell
>     sed -i -E '/ *timeout: [0-9]+/d' ./config/packages/nelmio_solarium.yaml ./config/packages/ezcommerce/ezcommerce_advanced.yaml
>     composer update "symfony/*"
>     ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    For example, you might have to remove `timeout` related config from `nelmio_solarium` bundle config:
    
    ```shell
    sed -i -E '/ *timeout: [0-9]+/d' ./config/packages/nelmio_solarium.yaml ./config/packages/ezcommerce/ezcommerce_advanced.yaml
    composer update "symfony/*"
    ```
```
